Update office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md (#3439)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md

The Microsoft 365 network connectivity test tool is located at <https://connectivity.office.com>. It is an adjunct tool to the network assessment and network insights information available in the Microsoft 365 admin center under the **Health | Connectivity** menu.

> >[!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
```

> > It is important to sign in to Your M365 tenant as All test reports while you are signed in are shared with your administrator and uploaded to the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is important to sign in to your Microsoft 365 tenant as all test reports are shared with your administrator and uploaded to the tenant while you are signed in.
```
